and I'm going to show you how to put
DVDs on their part so first what you
want to do open up your web browser and
we're going to download some software
from magic do de rubber duck out free
download then you want to open run the
installer alright so just go through the
on-screen instructions to install the
suspect then you want to put in your DD
actually you don't have the auto DVD
player or whatever comes up come up and
you want to open up magic DVD ripper
and
um
we want to make sure it's um on all
these settings so you want to make sure
they're on convert choose your folder
folder right here by clicking the folder
and make sure it's on convert do that
like that do that do that you're that
make sure this one's ipod see ipod and
leave those like that then you want to
click start you can pause it right here
or select shutdown computer when job is
done if you want to um so yeah while
mine is ripping can watch this
commercial short little commercial so
yeah I'll see you when it's done
you
alright so my ripping is complete I
exited magic DVD ripper now what you
want to do is I open up itunes
want to make sure you're on movies
instead of music try mommy movies right
here let me go file add file to library
so and the whole default be in your
videos and now be folder if it's Indiana
Jones will be Indiana Jones for AC you
want to go in there I'll say title all
for open that one make sure it's in
North Lawrence but if you renamed it
differently in magic DVD ripper then be
that file with a name then in here wanna
click gosh
No
and then going to rename it or is it oh
yeah
so
at indiana indiana jones and the Crystal
Skull
and then on your iPod let me tell it
like that and now it's plain
we don't want to watch him sent the best
quality on iTunes so if you want it to
be better quality for playback on the
computer you might want to select a
different file type in magic DVD ripper
wwm be here easy hours and then I
haven't really tested it because I've
also used it to get the movies online so
that cludes itunes 3 getting DVDs on
your iPod thanks for watching bye